In the last lecture I have mentioned that now we will create a trade that we will be then able to use
in our models and then apply the tax relation to them without actually specifying them on each single
model.
So first let's see how the trades actually work and what they are.
So we'll use the soft deletes trade as an example because we have already using that inside our models.
So in the example with blog post when we add self deletes let's see what happens.
So out click their self deletes and let's see what is inside it so we can see that the trades are defined
with the keyword trade.
This is different to the class now how trades work is they do not exist on themselves.
So class you can create a new instance of but trades are only to be used within a class and how they
work is they add some functionality to your classes so you can define some fields or you can define
some methods.
But the interesting thing about trades is if your original class has some methods or some fields if
you will use a trade they will overwrite how they work.
So for example if you have a forest delete method or any other methods inside your models you can really
find them inside the trade and when you use this trait inside one of your classes this BHP will actually
use the metals from the trade another of things you should know is this boot self deletes.
So when we have our models for example the blog post we have this public static boot method.
But when we call the power in the boot it actually has a call to boot traits.
So what this allows us to do is inside our traits that we will use in models.
We can specify are public static method which will be called boot.
This is the prefix you have to always give but if you will follow that with the trade name.
In this case it is self deletes then you can also add something specific to when your model is booting.
So in this case self deletes is also always adding a global scope to older models in which it is being
used.
So we'll use this to boot.
Our blog post and comment models to be able to automatically respond to those model events.
So when the blog posts and comment will be created or updated you can see that we are doing this inside
the boot methods of those models themselves like we are using the updating restoring and deleting.
We will be able to add some events inside one trade and they will be then applied to all the models
and that is all thanks to adding this static method with specific name because Lavell knows about them
and can run them for you.
So you do not really have to specifically call them and this allows us to just add one simple thing.
We will create a trade called Tiger ball then we will just use it and what we will have is not only
the relationship defined but also whenever blog post or comment is added or update it will automatically
assign all the tasks that were specified inside either blog post or comment content.
So let's see how we will do that.